
****

1) Are turn randomizers currently on your radar? Are they a determining factor right now, and what about long term?

2) Any opinion on baiting (casting one way for a while then switching to the opposite)?

3) Are you careful about selecting challenges, or is anyone fair game?

4) What's been your most memorable moment of the tournament so far?

**

Entr0py:

5) Anything else you want to say to the "fans" who voted for you on Strawpoll?


TEN1000:

5) Eboboshka seems scared to duel now, want to gloat?


nevverlander:

5) You like to duel yourself huh? Is that a strategy?



ChizWeez:

5) Does geographical distribution of players effect dueling? Will people outside of North America spend longer searching for duels?


TheRealDW:

5) Impressive how you sold most of your power then quickly dueled your way back to the top! But what value does buying power provide if someone can remain competitive after losing their power and just grinding?




****

Entr0py:
1) Haha ya actually! I lost 2k power versus someone who claims they used a randomizer. Randomizers benefit whales who can afford to take multiple losses and keep challenging. If you whalin' out just roll dat dice till you gain yer power back. Less and less impact long term though, only roll the dice if you can afford a losing streak :)
2) Grinding up ELO takes long, but falling or losing everything happens in a heartbeat. So why risk baiting? The idea is you intentionally lose power over several losses then win it all back (and then some) in a single duel that's flawlessly executed. Sounds risky right? Except it's not cause people would split their wizards across 2 or more accounts to duel or else duel within their party and return the power later. Also, not much difference between "baiting" and "adjusting your strategy" after you fell into a pattern amirite?
3) You messin' with the champ, of course anyone is fair game! If I declined your challenge consider it the biggest compliment you can receive in Cheeze Wizards. Sure, I could duel nevverlander or TheRealDickWang now. I might learn about their strategy, but they'll learn something about my strategy. I rather face them in the late game.
4) Tweeting has been epic fun, also people buying power on open markets has been lol. Some of my excitement comes from what I think is going to happen next, when the mold stakes are higher.
5) Nah.


neverlander
***********

neverlander Today at 2:54 AM
1) Nope and nope
2) That works well if you have a lot of wizards to spare or you are dueling with low powered wizards. It won't work in any other case
3) I am more careful and strategic now compared to the initial phases of the tournament. I try to play as many different players as possible
4) Smoking Roham's 4k power wizard with my 28k power wizard. I was simultaneously chatting with him in CW's general discord channel so it was fun. Also seemed like there were quite a few people who watched that duel go down.
5) Just my attempts to redistribute power amongst my wizards. Now I know about the COI simulation, you won't see too many self duels from me.


Real DW:
********

gooddudzToday at 9:29 AM
1. Yes eventually people are going to figure out a pattern to how you think if you play them enough and it's a long tournament. Its worth lower odds imo.
2. Is there a point to baiting if you are going to risk a lot more losses to just set up the pattern? Then you have one chance to change your pattern, but what if the opponent doesn't take it?
3. There's a short list of people who I've lost to a few times. I won't go back to the well unless I have to later in the tournament.
4. Beating Eboosh and Alxo back to back relatively cleanly in #1 vs #2 wizard duels. It's a terrifying experience revealing each set of spells on higher risk duels but that's part of the fun. I revealed both duels with friends around and you could cut through the tension with a knife. With each win it was like that "but he's not a rapper" video.
 
gooddudzToday at 9:50 AM
5. Power is fickle. It takes a lot of wins to build up but is easy to lose in just one loss. Also important is your time. Many people are dueling for maybe 30 power realistically if they are just fighting 70 Power wizards. That's like five bucks that you are playing for. In exchange for a few bucks you are spending time grinding while revealing your strategy. Buying power is buying peace of mind, to avoid facing the blue mold for a while, and a strategic advantage. You really get time to study how everyone else reacts before making a move. 

Being a high powered wizard was nice because you could bully smaller wizards. They need to win two duels just to gain any power sometimes which helps the odds. Also, you can make much more in each Duel playing for higher stakes.



TEN1000:
********

looya Today at 12:54 AM
1) Not strictly, but I try to me manually more random in my strategy. No special thought of long term for now.
2) nope, haha don't like the idea of baiting at all
3) Yes, I am quite cautious of dueling with someone with no history
because it is very unpredictable what's their style
4) I think it is the moment when neverland almost killed of of my early high power wizard, and I kept losing for a while after that
5) Nope, haha I respect legendary wizard in the history